Master, are you having a nightmare?
no.
What's going on here?
Master, you just had surgery
Just passed the dangerous period
It's all my fault
Don't Blame You
I did it myself.
Master, I have listened to Teacher Chu
I heard today is your birthday
How do you know?
Because I have a bottom I want to send you.
Master Wan
I came to see you specially. Are you alright?
I'm much better.
Can I help you?
It's the following.
This time we went through life and death together
Make me feel precious
I think if possible we
Miss Xia, I know what you mean.
But
Emotional things can't be forced
and
During the coma
I remember a lot of things
Someone else is waiting for me
What do you mean?
Don't worry about that.
The capital chain under its jurisdiction is broken
I see.
I have asked this matter to be arranged.
5 billion funds will arrive soon
Really? Of course it's true.
After all, you saved my 5 billion
We kissed, right?
You just said you had a gift for me
Uh sir
I just remembered that I forgot my present.
I'm really sorry.
Young Master, I don't know the sky and earth
That watch can be treasured for you until now
The person who gave you the gift must be very important to you.
Even relatives like Miss Xia
Can't get into your heart
Yang Jing, Yang Jing
Don't have those anymore
Unrealistic fantasy